- I don't know if it's meaner than it used to be.
I think the largest shift like I'm seeing is just,
I think people who are like entertainers,
and I'm not saying this, like in a bad way.
(laughing)
- That's what I feel and call them.
- With their super fancy cameras, like.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- We've never met, Dan, have you met Bax?
Have you guys met?
- No.
- Definitely.
- This is the first time.
- Yeah, Twitter.
Does Twitter count?
I don't think so.
How are you, Dan?
You're in the UK, is that right?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, so Dax just got back from Europe
and we had to bring a little piece of Europe
onto the show today because he missed it so much.
Is the UK Europe, is that even Europe?
- From American point of view, I'd say yes.
(laughing)
- So many things from the American point of view.
- Do you feel European being in London?
- I guess like on the world scale, sure.
Yeah.
- Was it more European before Brexit?
Is that the main reason it's no longer European?
Is that?
- I think so, yeah.
I mean, just from like technical, legal aspects, I don't know.
- You were originally from Russia, right?
And you just, like, you could pick anywhere you wanted to live
and you chose the UK.
You went from Russia to the UK.
- Yeah, I mean, it was kind of random
because I've never really considered UK as a place to go to.
'Cause I didn't know anyone who went there.
So I just didn't consider it as a possibility.
But then I did get a job offer in the UK.
And so that's how I ended up here.
- Ah, gotcha.
So you took a job in the UK.
Wait, who was that with?
- That was Facebook.
- Oh, in the UK.
Okay, that makes sense.
Yeah, I guess they're everywhere, probably.
- Yeah, I didn't know that either.
So I was like, wow, that's an option.
- The Silicon Valley offices, and that's it.
I don't know.
- That stuff really blows my mind
because I was telling Dan earlier that,
so CloudFlare has an office in Lisbon where I visited
and they were telling, and the guy that I met there
was telling me the history of it.
So they originally had a London office
and he was explaining how London was like the New York
of Europe, like no matter what you wanted to do,
like if it was tech, entertainment, finance,
that was like the place.
And then after Brexit, they had to consider other places
so they moved to Lisbon.
But then they were talking about how like,
you know, there's great engineers there
they wanted to tap into.
And me having never really been a part of a company,
that scale, it's mind blowing to think like,
you're so desperate for engineering talent
that you have to literally like search like globally for it.
Like you need so many people that you need to like
have offices everywhere just tap into like whatever
talent is around those areas.
It's like really crazy as someone that thinks about hiring
like one or two people at a time.
Like yeah, I'll be able to find someone, you know, locally,
but yeah, these companies, they're completely different.
- How many engineers work at meta?
- I actually have no idea.
- Is it like hundreds?
Is it thousands?
- It's thousands.
- Yeah, it's somewhere in thousands.
Yeah.
- That's insane.
I've just never worked anywhere where there were even like
500 people.
So I don't have any context.
I'm not even like engineers, just like people.
- I think like you don't really like interact
with all of them at the same time, right?
- Right.
Yeah, yeah.
- That is like that is more of a concern for like people
building like to learn, right?
Like you need to make sure that like
continuous integration can work with like commits,
land in like every minute and so on.
But other than that, I think it's still, you know,
like I worked on the pretty small team
and like I work with Blue Sky now,
which is like a super small company.
But then in terms of like team dynamics,
it actually kind of feels similar.
It's just because it's like, well, there's like seven people
or so, well, like actively constantly like doing something
together.
So it's actually not that much of a difference in some ways.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
So there is a company that makes Blue Sky.
It's not just, it's not like just in the Fediverse or whatever.
Like you guys, I'll just shake hands.
- I know it's pronounced blue ski.
Blue ski.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
There is a company.
I think it's incorporated in as a like public benefit,
something, something.
I don't, I don't, I don't understand the legal stuff.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But enough to say, but yeah, it is definitely a company.
- But it's a normal job at a place that pays you to work there.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
But everyone is remote.
Like pretty much the entire team is remote.
- Yeah.
How big is it Blue Sky team?
- I think it's like under, like the entire company
is like under 20 people.
I think.
- Oh wow.
- That's a big big shift.
- Maybe we just crossed 20, but I think it's like,
it was under 20.
- When you, when you joined Meta, did you have to interview?
Like what was a process like when you're like kind of
a very specific type of hire?
- It was like, I went through kind of the normal process,
although under maybe strange circumstances
because I was at a conference and I was given like my first
kind of big conference talk.
And I was talking to Jin Chen.
And like I talked with her before,
she's like one of the co-inventors of Flux Architecture.
And she just mentioned that they have a London office,
which I had no idea they do because I couldn't actually go
to US because I couldn't.
I didn't have like, you had to have enough education
or like enough years of experience to get H1B,
which I did not.
- It's like getting a mortgage.
- Yeah, I didn't really consider that as a possibility.
And yeah, I just said that they're hiring in UK.
And so because they had a bunch of speakers
from Facebook at that conference,
they actually arranged kind of like an impromptu
interview cycle where I just skipped the second day
of the conference and they interviewed me
in the hotel basement.
- That's awesome, that's incredible.
Yeah, I love when people find little side doors like that.
- Dan, I don't expect you to remember this.
But we actually have a little history
that goes way back to that timeframe.
I emailed you and it was like 2014 or 15 or whatever it was
right before you joined Med Up
'cause I was using Redux at my startup
and I emailed you to try to hire you
at a company called Stat Muse.
And you were very polite, you responded.
You actually responded to me and you were like,
sorry, I'm actually taking another job.
- That was when I was still responding to the thing.
(laughing)
I got in right before Facebook and I got in a response.
But yeah, we have that history.
I didn't expect you to ever remember that.
But the company's still around today.
So you might've chose the wrong company.
I'm just saying, Stat Muse is still a thing.
- That's funny.
So you left, like a year ago, it's been or so?
- Yeah, yeah, it's actually been almost exactly a year.
- Yeah, what was like, what made you want to look
for something new?
- I think like I wanted to try something new for a while,
but it was just like never the right time
because there were like a bunch of things
that I really wanted to see them kind of complete in.
And I was also working on the React documentation website.
I really wanted to like get that over the finish line.
And that took a couple of years more than I thought.
But like when all the work seemed done
and they also hired a person who I thought was gonna be able
to take over a bunch of just like developer
kind of relations thing that I was doing
without it actually being my job.
Like we hired a person for that job.
Then that person got laid off, which was like completely wild.
And then we complained and I don't know,
like we managed to rehire that person in our org.
- Oh really?
- So yeah, because like this person
wasn't a different org.
And so yeah, that was just like if you, while weeks,
but we hired this person and I just felt like,
okay, this is the time.
And I was getting pretty excited about blue sky
like in general.
So it just felt like, okay, now this actually makes sense
because I previously thought maybe I wouldn't,
like I wasn't actually planning to work in the company at all.
I was thinking maybe I'd just become like a YouTuber
or something or like self-horses or whatever.
And that might still be like maybe that would have been
like a more kind of rational choice.
But it just kind of clicked like on a bunch of levels.
So I thought, yeah, this is the thing I have to do now.
- That makes sense.
Well, how's blue sky?
Like I haven't been on, I think I got on blue sky
when I got on all the other Twitter alternatives
as Twitter was going up in flames.
But I haven't been since.
How's it, what's the scene like, what's it like over there?
- Yeah, I mean, it's kind of like a mix.
I don't know, we have, I think like we have a few communities
that like really settled.
And I think like tech community hasn't really settled there.
So there are like a bunch of people who signed up
but then like, you know, the conversation wasn't really flowing
and then people left.
We're working on a bunch of things, you know,
like just like making the app better.
We didn't, like one problem is like we're still catching up
in terms of baseline features because like the way
we build things is kind of like more
with this decentralized angle where we wanted to
do not be tied to one company in terms of the implementation.
But then from the user experience point of view,
like we think it's bad if that leaks into the user experience.
So like when you like, when you look at your feed,
it kind of looks like a normal Twitter feed
even if it gets pulled from like different data servers
or whatever.
Like if you move like where you host your data,
like that doesn't affect, you know, like nobody,
you know, like your like counts don't disappear or whatever.
Like it just looks normal.
So that, you know, that way of developing kind of,
you know, it takes a little more time to do some things.
So we're still catching up just in terms of functionality.
You know, like some, like we just added DMs
like literally a couple of weeks ago.
Even though DMs are like a centralized service.
So we're not doing like a end-to-end decentralized thing
for now because that's like a huge chunk of work
and people just need DM.
So that, that's been like a huge pain point
for the community.
So we kind of refocused a little bit on like working
on the product and, you know, like we added like give support,
working on videos now, but we're still catching up.
So it's, I think like, and also just like making the app
feel better, feel faster and stuff like this.
So it's a process.
But, you know, we're excited to make the app better
for, you know, next time you check us out.
- Yeah, it's Blue Sky the Jack.
That's the one that Jack is part of.
Co-founded something.
- Not really.
- Or no, I think, is that master?
- No, no, no, no.
So he's like the relationship with him is kind of interesting
from, I guess like the PR angle because the way it happened,
it's actually kind of a funny story because he,
so he used to run Twitter, right?
He was the CEO of Twitter.
And he funded this exploration of, you know,
what would it look like if Twitter was not the sole company
and kind of making the rules?
But if it was possible to kind of move this, you know,
move it out to the protocol and have different companies
be able to like host your data and kind of interrupt,
well, it would still work with a Twitter client.
So that was kind of the original vision for the project.
It was kind of decentralized in Twitter, the company
and like making it interoperable.
And they assembled a bunch of people in a chat room.
And these people were like people who explored
decentralized social media for the past decade,
but like very different views on like how it should work.
And so they didn't really agree on a lot of things.
And so the product was kind of stolen for a long time,
which is, you know, it's pretty hard to find people
with a different opinion, get an interview or something.
- Like Twitter, like the actual experience
of being on Twitter, yeah.
- Exactly.
And so one of those people, Jay Crayper,
she kind of compiled like a review of pros and cons
and of different approaches.
And, you know, what are their kind of technical
or like user experience implications and stuff like this.
And Jack chose her to lead that project.
And so she was supposed to actually like get higher
the Twitter and lead that project at Twitter
because that was part of Twitter the company.
But Jay insisted that that's actually not the right way
to do it because the incentives don't match up.
And there is a risk that Twitter would shut down the project
or that like if she works on it within Twitter
that actually works against the goals of the project.
And so she kind of like, it took like a bunch of,
like I think she kind of fought with them for like six months.
And then like they ended up agreeing
that it should be like a separate company
and like Twitter would get like a board seat
and Jack would get a board seat and so on.
And then Twitter funded originally this project.
So Twitter just paid some money to the project.
But then she also kind of set up some like there was a clause
that if Twitter, you know, that doesn't want to continue
working on it, then I think they lose the board seat.
And so like it's not, you know, if they stop funding it
like they also don't really, you know,
they stop controlling it in a way.
And so that's effectively like what happened with
when Elon Musk took over Twitter,
he kind of canceled the project.
And so the focus shifted from just working
on the product for Twitter to, okay,
like we have a reference implementation of a client.
Let's make it into like a real app
because like Twitter is not gonna integrate their client
with us.
And so that's kind of how the project started.
And Jack has like has not been actively involved
in the like in the running the actual project.
I think like the lead engineer Paul
has only like talked to Jack once.
So it's not, it wasn't really like he wasn't really present
and then he gradually just like changed his opinion.
He became like more enthusiastic about like Bitcoin,
stuff and some other projects.
And so his interests kind of shifted.
And then he left the board, I think like a couple of weeks
or maybe like a month ago.
- Okay.
- So he's not really present.
- Got it.
- I was gonna say that that makes sense.
And like, yeah, I do want his interest shifting
'cause I think in this space,
there's basically a spectrum, right?
There's the very centralized services that we're used to
and then there's the extremely decentralized ones.
And I'm sure you guys look at things like Farcaster
and there's like a few other things in this category, right?
It sounds like Blue Sky is trying to figure out
what minimum you can do to make it a little bit more
decentralized without losing like the typical UX
that people expect.
- I mean, does that sound right?
- Yeah.
- I wouldn't necessarily say minimal.
I think we do want to essentially, you know,
make it very plug and play so that it feels more like the web.
- Or like email, I imagine, like kind of similar.
- Yeah.
Email is another analogy.
But we want to make,
but I think it's architecture that's closer to the web.
So it's the idea, like the technical idea is really kind of
that, you know, when you like post something
or you like something, you're really kind of pushing to your,
like behind the scenes, you know, you don't see it as a user,
but like behind the scenes is kind of like you have a repository
that's hosted somewhere.
So like, and we're kind of like GitHub, right?
Like we're one of the hosters of these repositories,
but in principle, you could run your own.
You could like, there could be other providers
where like opening up to, you know,
for other players to kind of join that.
And then we have our own like indexer.
So it, like the indexer kind of crawls this repository.
So you can think of it, like kind of like Google crawls the web.
And so that indexer is, it's like all the events
from this repository flow into this one single funnel
and you can subscribe to it.
So like anyone can subscribe to the fire host
of like everything that happens on blue sky.
It's kind of like, you know, like an event log
of everything in the system.
So you can listen to it through like a web socket
or something like this.
And then we have an, there's something called app view,
which is like a materialized application specific view
of the network.
So blue sky is the only app.
Well, not the only actually like somebody else
is making like a blog in platform now.
But this is like a thing that listens to the events
and just like updates like a snapshot of the database
so that it's easy to query.
And that's what the client talks to.
And so this is why like it's really decentralized
in terms of like how you store your data is decentralized
we're also decentralized in moderation.
So we have our own kind of hard coded moderation service
that you have to have if you use our client.
But in Prince, we also offer other people
to run their own moderation services.
So there are like community, you can like, you know,
have your own like moderation and like people can submit
post to you.
You can tag them with your own like labels and stuff.
And this can be used for like, you know, both kind of serious
things and less serious things.
And the client is able to like actually show it.
So for every aspect of like social media,
we kind of want to give people ability to like compose it
but then present it in a very cohesive way.
- Yeah, it's cool.
So if I never want to say anything about React,
I can just have a React free feed.
(laughing)
- So like we have a, we have somebody running a,
so because these moderation services they, you know,
they can be manual, they can be like AI driven.
Like somebody, you know, you can do whatever.
Like if you're a developer, one developer is running
a labeler that labels all screenshots from Twitter.
So you can subscribe to that labeler
and you can say like, hi, the old screenshots from Twitter.
And then we'll just know.
- That's very cool.
Yeah, that's really funny.
So with this model, do you feel like,
like you were saying earlier, like simple things
are a lot more challenging, right?
Like it takes you a little bit longer to build something
that's straightforward in centralized service.
Do you feel though, like given enough time,
the experience is basically the same?
Are there certain things that feel like impossible
to ever do without centralized system?
- So I'm not like an expert on all the like backend stuff.
So I'm just speaking from my knowledge.
I think eventually you should be able to do everything
that you can with like maybe slightly different trade-offs.
But we have gaps right now.
We have like one significant gap we have is that
we have no great way for non-public information
to be kind of integrated.
So although we do have, you know, like your personal server
will like store your like authentication stuff
and like private settings and stuff like this,
but it doesn't kind of integrate
into the whole network in a nice way.
So it's hard to build features.
For example, we don't have locked accounts yet.
So if you post like your posts to public,
you have like private like preferences, right?
But you can't have like access control to like your posts.
And this is something we want to build,
but it's just gonna require like a bunch of thinking
of like how does this actually work in a distributed system?
And so there are like different options
and it's probably gonna be solved like within like a year
and a half, but not today.
- Yeah, that makes sense.
And the other side of it is that typically
if someone's founding a social media company,
they run it in a very specific way,
which is like entirely focused on growth
and like getting a barrel coefficient.
It's like all the things that social media company does.
You guys are also building like new technology.
Are you still like focusing on growth right now
and trying to make that happen?
Or like is that kind of a later thing?
How are you guys thinking about that?
- Yeah, it's kind of, it's interesting.
Like we've kind of shifted a little bit into that,
but the thing is like initially, you know,
the team was very small.
It's like the entire app.
So the app is built with Expo and React Native.
And so it works like on Android, on iOS.
It's like an actual native app.
And there's like a web version as well.
And it was built like a single person
over like several months initially.
- Oh, nice.
- Now there is a team, but it's like at the time,
it was kind of like almost like a research project.
And then when Elon bought Twitter
and like this whole thing happened
and a lot of people were interested in like in an alternative.
And because they had a reference client,
they, you know, the team started kind of invested into it.
And so the demand went through the roof
and actually like the growth, you know,
that was really like unexpected.
And that's why they had, like they had to set up
this like invite code system, not like a, like,
maybe many people think it's a growth hack.
I think it's like the architecture
like literally did not scale yet.
So like all the people, like everything.
- It's an anti-growth hack.
- Yeah.
And so like there was a lot of demand.
I think some of it kind of calmed down
and now it's, now it's kind of more like, you know, level.
Yeah, I think like the biggest,
the biggest thing we're seeing is just that people
who come with their clusters and kind of settle in,
like some of them are like having a good time on the app
and like retain.
And then some people like they come.
And then like, for example, like maybe their friends
already have accounts, but like I'm not actually posting.
And so they kind of fall off as well.
So we're working on different kind of community-focused things
to, you know, you can think of it like in terms of growth,
but another, I think another thing is retention, right?
It's like, okay, somebody signed up,
but like how do we actually make the app useful to them?
How do we make them want to like stay there?
All these like social kind of dynamics of like,
well, why do you come there?
Like what do you find?
So we have a few communities who really kind of sell then
and we will invest more into those kinds of things.
- Like you work on, you mentioned the backend team.
You work on the front end.
So like people ask you to like add buttons to things.
Like Dan Abrahamov is just like making the front end
of the blue sky, that's how this works.
- Yeah, I fixed a bunch of borders.
Like borders, broken up from break points.
Today I was fixing an Android animation,
stuttering after we upgraded to React Media.
It's like, Android is interesting.
- I'm assuming, I'm just guessing,
but I'm assuming this is like a lot more product work
than it used to do, like how has that transition been?
I imagine it's nice, right?
Like I find myself going from framework work to product work
and product work feels like very straightforward
compared to like framework stuff in a very satisfying way.
So I was wondering like what your experience has been like.
- I think it's a mix really.
I mean, I'm enjoying it because I, you know,
I like this type of product.
So like I was like a very engaged Twitter user
and you know, the goal is to make something
that's better than Twitter and kind of retains
like the magic of Twitter, but also improves on it.
I don't think we're like anywhere close yet,
but like we're slowly starting to get there.
So that's exciting.
In terms of just like product work versus like framework work,
I think some of the product work is nice.
So, you know, it's cool to, yeah,
just like fix something that was broken,
now it works or like polish like an animation or something
like this, like that's kind of fun.
- I don't necessarily like enjoy like creating new screens
or things like this.
Like that's just like stressful to me.
- Me neither.
- I'm like how good it designed to be honest.
So it's, we didn't even have a designer
until like a few weeks ago.
So.
- I'll be honest, that splash screen.
That was the give away, the big sky picture.
I'm like, I don't know.
- Will you change it a while ago?
It's actually beautiful now.
- It'll be wedding for me when I try it again.
Yeah.
- No, we had a designer on contract.
So like we had a designer who helped us with a bunch of stuff,
but they were not like super integrated into the process.
And so we hired the first designer
who's like really integrated.
But I think in terms of work, like the parts, you know,
there's also just like all kinds of random shit, right?
It's like, like today, like we're dealing with like,
we released now date yesterday and it's crash and like,
it's just instant crash and for some Android users.
And it's maybe like, you know,
I was diving into like a bunch of,
there's like 10 levels in the stack, right?
There's like React, product code, there's React,
there's Expo React native, like actual like native bugs,
like Android, weirdness and so on.
And it's just like, well, like which level is the problem on?
And these kinds of things are not super fun.
Like why does Android not show keyboard
unless you like set them out 100 or whatever.
Like this kind of stuff is like not super fun.
And also you have to move a lot faster,
like with, I feel like with framework work here,
usually like you can really think through the fix
because like it's more important to get it right.
Whereas like if everything is on fire,
like maybe you just add a hack and like fix the hack later,
or like never fix the hack.
And it's just hard for me to like,
to kind of adopt to that mentality a little bit
'cause I'm used to like trying to fix things properly.
- Wow, I've never, I've never done framework work at all.
It's clicking for me now.
Like I've never had to think like I should fix this the right way.
- I just always, just junk, just throwing junk at stuff all the time.
- Yeah, well, it's funny 'cause Dan has a post
from a really well, like a long time ago.
I don't know when, and I don't even remember
what the post is called or anything,
but it definitely impacted me a lot.
I think you were talking about the philosophy
of building React and how keeping React internals
is not keeping React internal is clean, is not a goal,
because the whole point is to absorb the complexity.
I think product work is kind of similar
where yeah, like that hack isn't great,
but the goal is to like, you know,
get stuff working for the user.
So keeping your internal stuff clean is not necessarily a goal.
Of course, any pathological case of this is not good.
Like you still need to find a balance,
but yeah, that line or that post was a,
it like really changed how I thought
because whenever I worked on product code,
I was like, really wanted to make sure it was like
maintainable for the long run, which does make sense,
but a lot of times you do sacrifice capability
or absorbing complexity and things like that.
So yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
So what does like success for Blue Sky look like,
like the near term, like what's the next milestone
for you guys to achieve?
- Yeah, I think it would like to improve retention
because, you know, a bunch of people signed up
or like also reactivate existing users.
So like a bunch of people signed up,
checked it out, but like nothing was happening there.
Part of it is just like we have pretty poor on board in.
So you don't really find the people you want to find.
The search was not prioritizing people by,
like we now have something like page rank.
So it's actually, it's actually really good now.
Like you find, you know, you find the people
you probably like expect to find when you start typing.
We didn't have a good algorithm.
So, 'cause, you know, like algorithm is a kind of
swappable on Blue Sky.
So there's the one that we maintain is called discover,
which actually kind of acts more like a 4U feed,
but we're still like, we're doing like a lot of tweaks there.
So we just added like an A/B testing framework
a couple of months ago, so that we're able
to actually try things.
And for example, like we had an experiment
where we showed more content from kind of mutuals
or like things that are popular or they liked
by your mutuals in that feed.
And so we saw like, oh, that leads to like 4% increase
in like post likes or whatever, right?
So we're like able to kind of start tuning things
so that they're actually, there's like so,
so many things that he don't really think about
that like go into making like a nice social experience.
So just, I think like get into a point
where somebody can sign up and find the people
they want to, they kind of vibe with
and just like not run into like constant bugs
and, you know, crashes or things like this.
And just stick around, I think making that outcome
more likely is like in the top goal right now.
- Yeah, which is very hard, like it's very straightforward,
but very difficult.
- Yeah, and one of the ways we're kind of thinking about
that is we really want to empower communities.
I think like Twitter hasn't really focused
on communities like it's kind of more like celebrity driven
and that, you know, that worked out in that timeframe.
Like I don't think like we can't like repeat
like Twitter's history, but there are things
that work about Twitter that, you know,
for example, like there is, there's no,
Twitter has a product called communities,
but it's not really like, you know, the react.
- It's so bad.
- Yeah, it doesn't really feel like it captures,
you know, the actual communities are outside
of the top right there, like in the home.
- Yeah.
- So we want to kind of formalize that a little bit
and make it easier for people to discover
like what's actually happening on the app
through like human curation and just like groups of people
who are like kind of part of the same scene.
So this bit, yeah.
So, you know, making it easier for communities
to find each other and have fun with each other.
That's like the kind of short-term goal.
And for the long-term goal, I think there's,
there's like different goals for the app
and the protocol, right?
Because the app is kind of almost like a reference app,
but actually the underlying technology doesn't care
which app you're building.
So these like repositories that I refer to,
you can store anything there and then you can like say,
like, you know, this record was created
and that's going to go into the fire hose.
And like the fire hose doesn't care
what kind of record it is.
So if you build an app that listens to the fire hose
and that posts to these repositories,
you can build this like materialized view
where you're like, okay, I'm only interested
in these types of records.
So you could build like a blog, you know,
somebody's building like a blog engine on top of this,
but it's a bit like under documented.
So it's not super clear how to do this.
But in principle, you can build these apps where
they can kind of read each other's public information, right?
So you could integrate information from like different apps
that only within the space that they kind of use
the same like identity system that's like per time
to kind of standardize.
So I think this success, like success for the protocol
in like longterm is just that this is like another way
that people can build, you know, apps or like web apps
that is like very kind of open and integrated.
And the key part is that, you know, you can always like,
if you're unhappy with the app,
like somebody can build an alternative
that uses the same data that already exists
so that we don't get locked into these platforms.
Yeah, this has been like an interesting concept for a while
because I guess like the first hour of the internet
was all about network effects where whoever dominated a network
just held that dominance forever.
And you can see that with Twitter where despite, you know,
all the issues with it, like it's still extremely used
because purely because of network effect.
And it's possible that the next generation of internet
eliminates network effect as an advantage
because it is like a weird monopolizing thing, you know,
like once you get it, like, you can never lose it.
Whereas in your model, you have to compete
on the experience, nothing else.
You can't compete on what we have users locked in
or data locked in, you can't leave.
It's interesting.
It would be crazy if that's how the internet evolves
'cause that just seems better overall.
Yeah, I think it's like, it's a little bit idealistic
in terms of, well, how are we gonna compete with like,
but then if you think about it, like it's pretty cool
that we do have a community, like there's like a really
passionate group of people, you know, they're not
like necessarily technical, a lot of them are not.
A lot of them don't care about it,
which I think like is actually like a successful
decentralization is like, they don't,
they don't fucking care about it.
They're like, what is this protocol thing?
Like I don't wanna hear about it.
Why are you not working on "Dear Amazon" and videos?
No, that's a goal.
Like it's obviously like the people that really care
about technical details are always a small vocal group,
but you have to make the stuff invisible.
And if you don't, you're just never gonna be something
that is massively adopted.
Yeah, I just opened up the app again.
It feels totally different.
I did too.
It feels really nice.
Yeah, yeah, wow, good job.
I'm reactivated.
Yeah, you're just gonna have to go on more podcasts.
One person at a time, you can just--
Yeah, we're gonna come in those reactivated number
in their metrics.
No, we need to get those Android crashes fixed first
'cause that's embarrassing.
When you run into issues and you discover
it's like a reactative issue,
are you just like DMing people
and they fix it immediately?
Is that how this works?
I just rant and like sometimes people respond,
but I feel bad 'cause I think like,
I've gotten a lot more like ranty,
just like why is no one working on this?
Like text inputs don't preserve the position
like of the carrot.
Like isn't this like, you know,
do you think that like a text input should do?
Like, but you know, like I know the team is very busy.
There's a lot of improvements they're working on
that are actually like long-term bets
that we really need.
So it's like, I think that reactative
is moving into a very good direction with new architecture,
fixes just like a bunch of architectural flaws
that it used to have.
And we're also kind of digging this approach of,
like we get to like iterate super fast.
So we built the UI for DMs, you know,
direct messages in like two weeks for, you know,
iOS Android web.
So that's pretty cool.
And like most of the code is actually reused.
But then for cases where like you want to fork by platform,
you can do that at a component level.
So you can even like fork like a wrapper component.
So like on Android, it should like present like this.
And like iOS, it should present like this,
but then the stuff inside is shared.
So it's like a very powerful way to build.
And we also hired a few people who know
a little bit of native like the, you know,
when the reactor is just like not cut in it.
That's like how it works at Facebook as well.
Like they don't just write everything in JavaScript.
They write native modules and then you just interface
with those native modules from JavaScript.
So we have like a few things that are like,
this really needs to be like a native Swift thing,
but we wrap it and then we use this React component.
- I'm actually getting ready to build a big Expo app
for Stamped Muse.
So I actually care about this stuff.
Like this sounds very fascinating.
I didn't know you could do the wrapper thing.
That's incredible.
- Yeah. People don't realize that.
It's very interesting.
Like I think like native developers often think,
oh, it's just like web use so they don't even realize
that it's native and then like React developers
don't often realize you can't use native stuff there.
So it's really like when it's good,
it's like the best of both worlds.
And when it's bad, it's like the worst of both worlds.
It's a little bit different.
- Yeah. I just remember like we built the first app
for Stamped Muse like eight, nine years ago.
It was a long time ago.
And it was just a Swift app.
It was just for iOS.
And I can remember the horrors of like the app store
and all that.
And I've heard Expo makes a lot of that better,
like provisioning profiles and all this stuff.
- Yeah, it's great.
Like I'm a huge fan of Expo.
You know, I don't think we even like paid them any money.
Like maybe we use some service.
Like I'm not sure for like building stuff,
but it's just like the amount of value we get out of it
is completely incredible.
It's papers over so many, you know, native issues
and even like React native issues.
Like it's like if you know a real framework
on top of React native, it has like its flaws
but overall it's just amazing how much time it's saving.
- Yeah, yeah, I use it like even like six or seven years ago.
And even then I was like, wow, this,
just some of like the just the developing experience
and like being able to pop stuff open your phone and stuff.
Yeah, it's so much better than native.
Are you guys also using, or if you're not already using it,
you're gonna use it like React native for web?
Is that the direction you're going
or is that gonna be totally different?
- Yeah, so that's what we're using now
because that's what like Expo uses
for kind of like as a web target.
So that's what our website uses.
It's not amazing.
It's like I think like it compromises in a bunch of ways
that are you can still work by platform, right?
So like actually like I've worked the list implementation
because you know, like React native was doing
when the React native web was like kind of mimicking
virtualization that React native is doing.
But actually it's like, it's a bit too complicated.
It doesn't quite make sense on the web.
I think like the way scrolling works is not quite what I wanted.
So just like rewrote that component
to just be like a plain list.
And that's what we use on web.
And it listens to like window scroll,
you know, like it integrates with normal scrolling
instead of doing its own thing.
But it's kind of the longer term thinking there's,
I think we're very aligned with what like META is doing now.
So META is exploring kind of the opposite route
where it's called React strict DOM,
where there's like a subset of DOM tags
that are, you know, like on the web,
it would just be directly targeting those tags.
So you would use like Dave and P and whatever
and like use whatever props are in the web standard.
And you have this like API as like intersection observer,
resize observer, get bounded, client and threat,
like all the stuff that you're used to from the web.
And then so on the web, there's actually gonna be like no
kind of thick compatibility layer
because React Native web is a little bit thick.
But with this approach, it's more like you write
kind of targeting the web almost except like a subset.
But React Native has a shim for this
that is like pretty thin and is like nicer
than the shim that's on the web.
And gradually those things get built into React Native itself.
So it would like the shim would get thinner.
And so I'm pretty excited about this approach.
I think this aligns more with like what we want.
So we'll probably migrate to it eventually.
- So you have a web app currently?
- Yeah, yeah.
- And is that server render?
Like how does that work with React Native web?
- It's like, it's like fucking megabytes of JavaScript.
I need to add.
- Dax is all about megabytes of JavaScript.
I love it, yeah.
He's into it.
(laughing)
- Yeah, but this is the social media website.
Like this actually like is where--
- Yeah, this makes sense for you.
- Yeah, people click on links from other places.
Yeah, you need to like be fast and minimal.
Makes sense.
- Yeah, we want to like,
I think like there's a lot of like low hanging fruit there.
But the problem is just like we're not in a great place
right now.
You know, we can run JavaScript on the server.
We already do some stuff,
which is like SSR is not integrated with Expo.
The version that we're using like very well.
And then like in the future,
there's like they have like a new router
and stuff like this that we don't use yet
because we started the project earlier.
That's like much more kind of server friendly.
So I think we'll want to move towards like an approach
that's closer to like how Next.js does it.
You know, like with SSR, like server components would be nice.
I don't know how many years we have to wait for that.
(laughing)
But eventually in like in general,
I think like another constraint we have is that
currently like our client is very much,
again, like it's like app-ish, right, it's like a thick client.
And that's not ideal for a bunch of reasons for us.
Like we often want to do some stuff server side
to kind of pre-process it before sending it to the client.
But the problem is right now our server
is kind of the API server for BlueSky.
So like other clients, people building other clients
also talk to it.
So it has to be like a version, you know,
we have to be careful about like what we add there.
We can't really like do like a single
poor request span in both sides.
If we had time to invest in it architecturally,
I think we would add kind of like a BFF layer,
you know, back and forth front end,
like extends kind of in front of it.
And that can, that is really conceptually a part
of the client, but it just happens to run on the server.
And so that would let us like iterate better
and like move some things like more fluidly
between both sides.
But for now we're like, yeah, like fucking react query,
yeah, but I love it.
But it's just like we do a bunch of things on the client
that really belong on the server
and this actually negatively affects the user experience.
So we need to like start fixing that.
- So it's interesting to think about your transition.
Like if a year ago you left meta
and you went to BlueSky and now like you just got done
like working on your baby with all this new React stuff.
And then you go and now you're working on a React Native app
and you don't get all the things you just built
at your disposal.
That's kind of painful like.
- Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I wasn't like building all of that myself, right?
Like mostly I was like, I was explaining
and how this stuff works.
Like fixing some bugs and contributing in some ways.
Yeah, it's like people.
- But like into the ideas of it.
Like those are.
- Yeah, it feels like going back five years really.
It's like, oh.
- I mean, I know this stuff is like loosely defined
but what is your relationship with React?
And I've also always been curious,
what does Facebook, like how does Facebook think
about React and like staffing their React team
and like how it gets funded?
And yeah, like how do they think about all that stuff?
- Hmm.
Yeah, I don't know if that changed.
Like I don't know what's the latest
'cause you know what it has been.
There's a lot of investment into it.
And I think the way the investment gets moderated
depends on like who is the person who's like
in the org chain, who's like, who's dropping.
It is the convince the people above.
So like it's, I think like that approach
is like maybe different.
Also depending like who are the people above.
So like that doesn't change a couple of times.
But I think like, you know, for a long time
like React was kind of like a central thing.
Like that's how ads work.
You know, like the ads, all the ads interfaces,
all the like, you know, the whole money-making thing.
Of course, like it was used for like consumer side as well
but it was used less, it was like like common share
that was kind of like the initial place where it was adopted.
But the, you know, the ads manager,
like the thing where you create ad campaigns,
like that was like all React,
like pretty kind of fast, you know,
like it converted to React.
So that was like one of the biggest React apps out there.
It's a complete mess, of course.
Like it has patterns from 2012 mixed with like every
like three years, somebody invests a framework there.
And so it's like it has like five different frameworks.
It's, yeah, it's completely wild.
But that was like a big, you know, like of course,
like React team needs to stay funded
because that is the primary thing that like all are, you know,
- The money maker. - Yeah, yeah.
But then there was this whole transition to
just like rebuilding the web experience.
So that was like 2017 or so, Facebook.com.
And that was rebuilt and React.
And that was at the same time as we were like,
well client only isn't going to cut it.
Like that's not really practical.
And a lot of people don't want to hear that.
But it like for like, you know,
it faced with that was just like a non-starter.
Like it was obvious.
No, like if you rebuild the consumer experience,
you have to use the service
because like consumer machines just can't do a bunch
of stuff the service can do.
And so, and it just happened that we were kind of invested
into this like foundational, like a lot of our approach
was really almost like theory driven.
It was like, well, it doesn't make sense to do this
'cause here is a more efficient way to do it.
So like we might as well build this and it will make sense.
And then we found all the ways.
Yeah, it does actually make sense.
It does actually solve these problems.
So we were working on like concurrency
and just like rendering being interruptible
so that, you know, if you start doing something else,
you don't wait for the whole cycle to finish.
Like streaming, just like removing all water fully
processes from like the entire thing.
And also kind of changing it so that the slowest,
if there's like one thing that's slow,
it doesn't penalize everyone.
It kind of penalizes the thing that's slow.
So you can kind of, because like if, you know,
with a big company, there's always going to be like
parts of the code that's slow.
So you kind of want to limit the kind of the damage from it.
So that like other engineers can kind of be like,
oh, this thing, you know, this thing is in the pop up,
but actually this pop up is like lazy.
So, you know, we're not going to spend CPU cycles there
unless it's like, but we can like warm it up maybe.
And like React can do all this kind of coordination
because it knows about the user interface
and how you structure it.
And so we've been making all these improvements.
And I think, you know, that with the website,
like that project has worked out,
although it was pretty wild.
Cause we're like rebuilding the foundation of React
at the same time as like the entire website
was being rebuilt on top of it.
So it was like quite like full of fires,
but they worked out.
And I think, you know, currently like,
so she's the native in a bunch of places.
Like the Facebook app itself has like a thousand screens
built with React Native.
They're not like kind of primary like scrolling experience,
but there is, there's just like a super long tail
of that stuff.
And some apps are fully built React Native.
And I think like, I don't know if it's still the case.
Like I think one of the kind of longer term,
again, like, you know, we need to motivate like why,
you know, why find React, right?
I think from methods like one of the strategic,
like meta doesn't have a kind of a platform, right?
Like Google owns Android, Apple owns iOS.
So meta doesn't really have like a first class.
Like here's our stack, here's our language, here's this.
And React is very much kind of in that way.
Like I think if they go into, you know,
their like VR, AR vision, like React is being used there.
So I think like there is a something like kind of like
the long shot, I think is we need to keep investing
into this paradigm and we'll make this like paradigm
work really well on our, you know,
own like hardware or software or like operating system
or whatever.
And we'll be able to like have this developer mind share
of like people already know how to use this.
So I think partially it's like that is kind of
the longer term story, whereas the shorter term story
is just like, well, it's like every,
we have a lot of stuff that's built with it.
So I think that's kind of like how meta
maybe the things about it.
- Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
That's super interesting.
The platform thing I never thought about before.
And so now that you're not there.
- Well, don't hold me on this,
but also like I'm not involved now.
So that's, you know, that's kind of my understanding
of like how think about it.
- It's a good theory.
So, I mean, now that you're not there full time.
So anything you do now related to React
is just you personally doing that on your time.
Is that how that works?
- Yeah.
And I don't really like, I thought I'd have more time,
but honestly, like, yeah, we're just like,
we need to fix like, why is the light blocks
not showing the whole image on Android?
Cause like the status bar height needs to be subtracted
from like, cause it's growing issues.
Sounds like, sorry, that's been my day.
(laughing)
- It takes like four things in one day.
I actually need to cut a patch
cause like, yeah, people can start at the app.
But yeah, I'm not like super involved.
Like I'd like to maybe like come to meetings,
but I think I was also ramping up.
Like I was just like, learning React Native.
And it was like how, you know,
it was actually hard at first.
I think I've mostly learned it now.
And I also moved a little bit into management.
So like I'm doing like a mix of like management
and I see work.
So I don't really, yeah, I don't go to like React meetings,
but I, so I crashed them a couple of times
when I had something that I cared about.
So I'm hoping maybe like, you know,
with some time I'll be able to be like a little bit more
involved, but I did send,
I did send like a couple of pull requests for React 19.
So.
- Nice.
Nice.
- Can we shift gears into something completely unrelated
to all this?
- Yes.
- But I really want to get Dan's opinion.
I mean, Dan, you've worked now at two,
like major social media companies.
You're obviously a very prominent participant
in social media.
And this is just top of mind for me.
Cause like the current,
I guess the current meta on Twitter right now is like,
but like kind of the framework thing
where people are going at each other.
Do you think the internet is mean or too mean?
Like there's this kind of like cohort of people right now
that are sort of very vocal about stop picking on me.
And this is like, I've worked very hard on this.
But then there's the other side where it's like,
it's nice to like sharpen each other.
And we're like challenging each other and your app is broken
and it's okay, my app's broken too.
Do you have thoughts on all this?
Is the internet too mean?
- Yeah.
I mean, I've seen some of it.
I think, I don't know if it's meaner than it used to be.
It seems, I think the largest shift like I'm seeing is just,
I think people who are kind of like entertainers.
And I'm not saying this like, it is like a bad way.
- That's what I feel in the call now.
(laughing)
- With their super fancy cameras like.
- I think there's just like a lot more of that
than it used to be like it's kind of like a bigger niche
and like more prominence.
It's a valuable service in some ways.
Especially if you have some experience
with like building things for production, great.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause I think we don't hear, you know,
from those people always a lot.
So it's nice when people like share, you know,
like things that they know in a digestible way.
I think some of the, I think it's gotten a little bit more
dramatic than it used to, you know,
with the whole like YouTube videos like,
"Oh, I'm gonna make a video about this."
And then there's like, it feels like, you know,
you can just like, cool, cool, just like, you know.
Like, it's in some ways it feels a lot.
But I'm also like, I think I'm staying out of it more.
I used to enjoy it more and I think now I'm like,
yeah, you know, whatever.
But in general, I think, I like, I like the internet.
It, you know, it has good and bad parts.
But I think it's, it's again kind of going back
to this topic of communities.
Like I think different communities
are gonna have like different norms.
It's kind of fluid that like, you know,
I like the fluidity of Twitter of like,
you can't really say like what exactly is like this community
because like some person might like start pulling it
into like a different direction
or there might be like a new branch of it and so on.
And so I think like I'm kind of interested in like building
tools for people to kind of have this kind of like fluidity
but also have discovery.
And then, you know, if different communities have different norms
and have like some ways to kind of enforce those norms
or at least like just like be chill, like within their space
and maybe like somebody else has like a different space,
then we can like experiment with it.
I think that's, that's really valuable.
- I think there is a place, I don't know like,
I'm not smart enough to say what it should be.
But if Blue Sky worked on the like the community aspect
of like sub communities and having tools for that,
I felt like we needed that on Twitter.
And when Twitter launched the communities thing,
it's like something between Discord and Twitter
where like Twitter is just like a mess of public everything.
And we all kind of collide and it turns into just like
the drama, I mean, it really just kind of like devolves to drama.
But like they built this, the Twitter feature for communities,
there's an AWS community that I started
and a lot of people in it, not a lot of tools for like
managing that community.
And it just becomes this crazy filter for spam.
I mean, just like they did, they didn't really invest in it.
So if Blue Sky could like make that thing
that I feel like should exist,
exist, that seems like a good, a good path.
I just gave you my, my two cents.
- Yeah, I mean, we're, we're pretty excited
about this direction as well.
There's it, the other thing is just like again,
like we're just building the foundation.
So I think this is one of the things where
maybe because it also kind of feels like a Twitter clone
right now, right?
And like in a lot of ways we're like,
okay, let's not like reinvent the wheel.
Like here is like, let's check how this thing works
on Twitter just so we match the baseline
of like what people expect and kind of this like
accumulated wisdom.
But I think yeah, like communities is one thing
where we really think, no, like it should be,
there's like a different way to do it
that is more compelling.
So stay tuned, maybe in a couple of months,
you'll see something.
- We're reacting.
- Dead by that time.
(laughs)
- This is a thing with building companies or products.
It's like, it's the way it is but it's so frustrating
because you have to spend a lot of time doing the baseline
before you can do the things you actually wanna do.
And like the baseline often means like
get into a place where your company
can even exist long term.
Like you have to do all this upfront work
and it's not even like the thing
that you actually really are excited about.
So yeah, like this stuff requires just so much patience.
It's just like, you just imagine all the things you wanna do
but like you, it's not things that,
it's things that you like get to do
if you reach like a baseline the little success
but it's like the only reason you started doing everything.
So yeah, that's always been my like big pain
with just building companies from zero.
It's waiting for that day.
We can flip over to the fun stuff.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- Well, this has been fun stuff.
Go ahead, Jax.
(laughs)
I'm just gonna say, going back to the drama thing on Twitter,
I found it, it's really interesting
to me how people interpret stuff online.
I think people have like wide ranges of things.
Like from my point of view, I have very clearly two tones.
I have one tone where I'm just completely messing around
'cause I think it's funny.
And I have another tone where I'm serious.
And to me, it's like very clear.
Like when I'm just complaining about Next.js,
like that's me being funny
'cause I like being this funny character
that just hates it,
rationally, to like a crazy degree.
And I find that fun and like a lot of people, you know,
reply it.
And I had someone, I had a few people.
- I actually think that's kind of mean.
(both laughing)
- No, I know it's mean, I know it's mean.
But, okay, so here's a dichotomy for me, right?
I care a lot about Next.js users.
I spend a lot of time helping them do what they wanna do.
So the reality of it is like,
like I actually spend a lot of time on this stuff
and like I care about this community.
But, for me to blow off steam,
I like pretend like I just,
I think it's the worst thing in the world.
And if you notice, I never talk about the technical.
I'm never like, here's a technical problem.
Next.js, I'm always like,
if you use Next.js, you're gonna be single forever.
You know, it's just stuff that's totally
(both laughing)
not based in that reality.
And for me, that's just, for me, I get that's annoying.
I totally get that for some people.
That's like the most annoying thing ever.
But for me, that's just like my outlet.
Like it's, that's like the way that I like, you know,
enjoy myself.
- For what it's worth, like I think, you know, like,
like this format actually kind of humanizes it, right?
Like I think like through the spaces,
but like it was like a step in the right direction
in the sense where it kind of lets people,
you just kind of, when you see the person,
I think it feels different.
Like we, you know, you can be like a one-dimensional character,
but also there's like a little bit of like,
Oh, here's like the 3D version.
And then it feels a bit different.
So yeah.
- No, no, it makes sense because I realize,
'cause I'll get messages from people being like,
kind of telling me like, hey, you shouldn't be like XYZ.
And I'm realizing they only get some,
like they might see three tweets in mine in a row of like,
I tweet obsessively, obviously everyone knows this,
of like the 10,000 I posted.
And those three communicate like a very one-dimensional
person.
And this is like so mind-blowing to me that like,
someone might see three tweets in mine that seem really smart.
And they think like, Oh, Dax, they're really smart person.
And someone else might see three tweets
where I sound like an idiot and I go, Dax is an idiot.
And I do this with other people,
like I do this with people all the time.
So it's just impossible to escape.
And even if you're aware of it.
So yeah, it's just this weird thing we all partake in
and just leads to always like weird situations, I think.
- Yeah.
- And it's totally different when you've actually
interacted with somebody, like you've,
whether it's a video call or you've met at a conference
or whatever, you hear their tweets completely differently.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Like Ryan Florence is that way for me.
Before I met Ryan, before I really got his tone,
it was just a completely different person.
I just, I'm just thought he's an asshole.
I mean, honestly, and just recently it's like,
I've gotten to know him and now I hear it totally differently,
but then I get to see people's reaction to him.
And I'm like, yeah, I remember that.
- I remember the feeling that way.
- Yeah, and it's like a global community, right?
Like everyone has, like local cultures are so deeply a thing.
Like I have like me and Adam are totally different.
Like I am very like Northeastern New York style culture.
And everyone I grew up with, when I act the way I do,
like it's like a normal thing.
But then people from other parts of the world,
they're like.
- I feel like you're being me.
- I'm like crossing lines or I'm doing things.
- 'Cause in the Midwest, we don't say what we think.
We just, we sort of like pretend.
- I wanna talk about a very sweet scenario.
I wanna bring up the errand situation again.
So do you know what Aaron Francis?
Then he's a, he makes a bunch of content.
He worked at plant scale extremely, extremely talented.
Like one of the most talented people at like truly explaining.
- He's one of those entertainers that actually builds sex.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay, yeah, I just didn't think of this in me.
- So he's very legit.
And we had, and then we were friends.
He got laid off from plant scale.
And like he was like trying to figure out what he was gonna do.
And I made a joke.
I replied to him making a joke of being like,
oh, you're probably tired from begging people to hire you.
And a bunch of people saw that and they were like,
whoa, that's so mean.
Like he just got laid off.
But in my like weird New York head,
the way this works is I'm giving him a compliment
because I'm saying I believe in you so much
that you're so capable and talented,
that I can say this joke about you
'cause it's so obviously,
you're obviously gonna like things are gonna work out.
And that's how I like operate with everyone.
Like when I'm close to people,
I like insult them in that way
with the underlying thing being a compliment.
But culturally, that's like a very weird specific thing.
And so we will relate to that some people don't,
but yeah, online, it's like a mix of everything.
So it's weird. (laughs)
- It is weird.
The internet turns out weird.
But Dan likes the internet.
I mean, we got that quote.
I think the internet is good, he said.
- Sometimes.
- Sometimes. (laughs)
- I asked him that the internet was mean.
What I really meant was, do you think Dax is mean?
And we got an answer. (laughs)
We've been on Twitch this whole time.
We didn't acknowledge Twitch at all.
But Dan, we're on Twitch.
And there's various things.
- I used it a couple of times.
It's like every time I try to use it,
it makes me watch an ad and I'm like, never again.
(laughs)
- It's more of a place where us entertainers hang out.
It's not really a place for people
who aren't in that world.
- But who has time to watch it all?
I don't understand.
- Yeah, I don't actually understand the viewing experience.
I've tried, because I've got a lot of friends
that stream on Twitch.
It's very hard for me to sit and Twitch chat
and get anything done.
It's very exciting. - That's impossible.
Yeah.
This is another weird dynamic where,
Dan, we were talking about YouTube stuff earlier.
I don't watch any YouTube at all.
I don't watch anything technical.
If I'm trying to get into a new technical topic,
I'll just go watch like the top three,
most important talks or whatever.
But besides that, I'm not like,
then I'll get daily YouTube habit.
But this feels like a lot of people do.
And it's so wild to me because it's so different from how
my day-to-day goes, how I learn things.
But we do produce this stuff.
We just don't, you know, consume it.
- I would love to see Dan on the Entertainer Arc
to become a YouTuber.
- Yeah, I wish he became a YouTuber.
I would love to see your thumbnails.
- That would be so amazing.
- Like I really thought about it,
but I don't know, I think like,
I don't know how partially it's just like--
- It's got really good hair.
Like you would do really well on YouTube.
- That's like 70% of it.
- I really want your hair.
- Then you have to edit everything, right?
Like you have to do this like editing thing.
- Not necessarily like prime.
All his YouTube is just like,
well, I guess now flip edits.
I don't know.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
People get pretty raw though.
I think the Gen Z thing is to like be authentic
and like don't edit it much
and hold your microphone to your face like a little little.
(laughing)
- I think they'd ever do that, yeah.
- You'd do so good, Dan.
I would watch and I don't watch YouTube,
but I would totally watch.
- I'll consider it.
- Okay.
If you don't come work at Samuze,
the offer still stands.
- Right.
(laughing)
- If you get tired of building the future of social media.
- Right.
Then you could come work for me at Samuze.
It'd be fun.
We'd have a good time.
- I feel like we should get off here.
I don't know, Dan's got,
I see responsibilities he's got.
It sounds like the port is currently not working.
So, yeah, it seems like we should let her in shambles
all over the world.
- We have, actually like while we were talking,
like there's, I'm just reading like our Slack
and there's another Android problem.
- Oh yeah.
I feel like it's Android's fault.
I feel like Android's got to be more efficient for you guys
to figure out how to eliminate Android market share.
Like that might actually be a better use of your time.
(laughing)
- Thank you so much for coming on, Dan.
This is fun.
It's nice to meet a face to face.
- Yeah, thank you for asking all these questions.
Usually people just ask me about like Redux or something.
So that's, I appreciate it.
(laughing)
- The thing you've built like 10 years ago?
- Yeah, no, no, no.
This stuff is super interesting.
And I think it was cool to see you move to blue sky.
Obviously, the thing with Twitter,
what do they do?
They like shadow band you 'cause you like mentioned blue skies.
- Yeah, the thing is like, I feel guilty,
even like bring it it up 'cause it sounds, you know,
like this kind of right-wing grifter nonsense,
like I would try to see theory, yeah.
(laughing)
- But you actually were.
Yeah, I remember, to be honest.
- Yeah, I mean, I ran an experiment.
Like it did, you know, the same tweet, both accounts.
And like, I did a poll, like, which, you know,
does it show up for you on following?
And for the new account, it was an even split.
And for the old account, it was just like 95%
or something like this.
- Wow, that's crazy. - That was in following.
And then people who said like for you,
they, like some of them later said,
oh no, it's actually, I just clicked the button or whatever.
- Yeah.
- So.
- I have to say, as annoying that it is,
it brings me a lot of joy whenever I read
Dan Abramov II and you use your name
'cause it's so funny, like.
(laughing)
- You have to start over.
It's a, it's just such a funny thing.
- Has anyone, has anyone searched
the open source Twitter algorithm stuff for Dan?
Have we looked just to make sure it's right there
in plain spite and just putting tight that they put it
in the source code?
(laughing)
- That is really funny.
Okay, well, thank you for joining us.
Those are greats.
- Yeah, we hear you about this.
- We also don't have like an outro or a way to end the show.
So we're just gonna say bye.
- So we're just gonna say bye.
(laughing)
- Okay, thanks.
- Thank you, bye bye.
(laughing)
- Yeah, thanks again.
- Yeah.
- All right, you can stop the recording.
(upbeat music)